feat(changelog): functions-added-serverless-functions-allows-smtp-traffi 2024-06-03 (#3249)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-03-functions-added-serverless-functions-allows-smtp-traffi.mdx

---
title: Serverless Functions allows SMTP traffic
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-03
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> Serverless Functions now allows traffic to Scaleway Transactional Email, it was already possible via the API but now directly via SMTP servers ! Perfect way to send emails in your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions now allows traffic to Scaleway Transactional Email. While API access was already available, you can now connect directly via SMTP servers. Enhance your workflows with reliable and straightforward email delivery!
```

> Check out our [example project](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples/tree/main/functions/python-tem-smtp-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [example on sending emails with an SMTP server from Python functions.](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples/tree/main/functions/python-tem-smtp-server)
```
